- [Instructor] Now let's take a look at the next
customized mapping option that we have,
which is how do you define a custom constructor?
Now by default, whenever the JSON binding API
tries to do deserialization,
we all know that a no argument
or a default constructor is a must.
It is going to make sure that it invokes that,
and thereafter, it'll invoke the appropriate setup methods
to set the values on the JSON document
into the respective property of your Java object.
So that's the rule.
However, there are certain situations
where this may not be the desired behavior
because the kind of JSON representation
that you're getting from some other system
may not know the structure of your beans.
So it may send out a plain JSON
with just key-value pairs,
and it really may not have the correct object representation
that your system or your code expects.
So I'm going to talk about this situation,
this example that we have in front of us,
and then we'll go onto understand how do you solve this.
So let's go to our project structure.
And we have this order file
that we have saved in one of our previous demos.
I'm just going to open that, and let's take a look at it.
So, let's go ahead and copy this in JSONLint
because it's difficult to read otherwise.
So I'm going to open JSONLint.
Okay, let's validate.
Yeah, now, it is formatted for us,
so it has got a lot of fields.
It has got the customer object,
and then, it has got the delivery date,
and order date fields, and then the order details.
And then order details again, has a list of products,
and then this total amount, and order ID, and all of that.
What I'm going to do is,
I'm going to pick up the order details object for this demo,
and then we'll explain to ourselves,
what is the problem,
and how do you solve it using the custom constructor.
So let's do one thing first.
Let's get hold of that order details object alone.
Okay.
So, I'm just going to carefully copy
the order details object.
I'll need the products.
I'll need the shipping address,
and I'll need the total amount.
So that will comprise my order details object.
Let's copy that, let's go back to Notepad++.
Open a new document, and paste it there.
So let's see how do you want to see this object.
You will not have this key anymore.
So, order details will have products.
It will have the shipping address,
and it will have the total amount.
So my object, the JSON object should end here, like that.
Okay, so, this is actually only the order details object.
This one has a key called products,
which points to an array of products, of course.
Then it has another key called shipping address,
which points to the respective fields of the address,
and then the total amount of that particular order.
Now, sometimes, let's say you're getting
this JSON from another system or another application,
another program, another platform.
In that case, it is possible that since
that system does not know the structure of your beans,
it could actually send out certain fields or certain values,
certain data, only in the form of key-value pair.
For example: on line 26, what happens if I eliminate this?
What happens if I eliminate the shipping address key?
And the corresponding closing brace for that too.
In this case, this is still a perfectly valid JSON, right?
The products end here.
And then there's city, country, street, and zip code,
and then this total amount, okay?
Let me take this JSON and see
whether it is still a valid JSON first.
Let's get rid of this, paste this, and check.
And yes, it is still a valid JSON.
Why not?
But, the additionally key of the address information
was coming in because our structure was like that,
and then the serialization that happened,
introduced that shipping address key into the document.
But let's say,
somebody else is sending you this data of order details,
some other system,
and then it does not have those respective keys.
So you may just get plain fields like these:
city, country, street, and zip code.
So in that case, how do you make sure
that you want these four fields to be a part
of an address object when this JSON enters your code.
So, that's how you do it with the custom creator.
I know that these fields are coming in as they are,
but when I get this JSON document in my application,
I want that, the city, country, street, the zip code,
the fields that are highlighted right now,
become a part of the address object.
I don't want to receive them as simple strings, yes?
I don't want to receive this as a string.
This as another string, another one, and then the integer.
I want that they become a part of my address object,
which means, I will now
have to instantiate the address class,
and make sure, this four fields are fed to the Java object,
and then I take it for processing further.
Okay?
So, what we're going to do is,
now we're going to retain this, structure as is.
We're going to save this in our folder,
and let's label it, order details.dxt.
So, once we do that, let's go back to the code,
and let's close all of this,
and let's open up the order details peel,
which is this one.
Right?
The order details constructor,
one of them is parametrized, the other one is default.
Now, by default, of course, JSON peel is going to utilize
this constructor for deserialization.
But we don't want it to consider this.
Instead, we want to define our own constructor.
How do we do that?
Let's go ahead, on line 26,
and I'm going to define one more constructor there.
I'll say order details.
Okay.
And what does this expect?
I expect list of products
that I'm copying from line number 20 itself.
That's one of the parameters.
Copying it to line 26, and then the address fields are going
to be received like this.
Because the JSON that is coming in,
is trying to give me city, street, state, and zip code
in the form of individual fields,
rather than as address object, okay?
So I'm going to take those as parameters,
and then of course, I have the total amount,
which is a double field.
So let that be as it is.
Okay, let's make this public.
Okay, now, what I want is, let's look at the slide.
We have this requirement, where we now want
to write out a custom constructor,
and that has to be supplied
during the deserialization process, right?
So, in order to do that, we'll have to
tell JSON binding API that hey, listen,
instead of using the default constructor,
can you please use this constructor that I have define,
in order to deserialize my order details object?
So that will be done with the help of the annotation,
JSON-B Creator.
So let's go and attach that annotation right away,
on that constructor.
So I'm going to come on line 26
and call out that annotation here.
This will tell your JSON binding API,
now that this particular constructor
has to be used for deserialization.
Okay, and let's correct that compilation error,
that is the capital string.
Okay.
Now, the other thing is,
you will have to annotate all parameters of the constructor
with @JsonbProperty annotation.
What it means is,
now since you have individual fields coming in,
and this is not the default constructor, right?
For the deserialization process,
which means JSON binding API now needs to be told
that hey, listen, there are are one, two, three, four,
five and six parameters,
and each of these parameters is going to be mapped
from a particular property on that JSON document, okay?
So let me open that JSON document.
Okay, so, products is going to be mapped with this key.
But, as far as the address is concerned,
I don't have a property called shipping address.
I have individual fields.
So, for correct parameter substitution,
I will have to make sure that in this constructor,
I mention which property of the JSON document belongs to
which property in this parameterized constructor set, okay?
So, how will we do that?
Let's go here, at the beginning, you say JSONbProperty.
And you give the name of the property,
and that in case of this particular object is products.
Right?
And we'll have to do this parameter substitution
for each of the properties coming ahead.
So, I'm going to just copy this,
go to the next one,
paste it there,
and specify the key inside the JSON document.
So, city is supposed to be mapped to this property, okay?
Again, let's go and change it for the country.
That's how country is going to be mapped.
Next, it's going to be the street.
So, just paste that, and change the name of that property.
And then we have zip code.
So, paste that, and change the name again
to the respective property.
And do the same thing for the amount as well,
so that will be total amount.
Okay, so, if you look at your JSON document, that's the key,
then you have city, country, street, zip code, total amount.
So this is done because now,
this is not the default serialization process.
So, it is not going to behave as per your Java objects
properties that you have listed out,
and that's why, you will need to tell the JSON binding API
that this particular key points to this particular argument.
Similarly, the case for city, country, street, zip code,
and total amount.
And now, let's come inside, and say
this.products of course is going to be mapped
to that incoming products argument, which is fair,
which is still the same, nothing changes there.
But, now I'm concerned for the shipping address.
So how is that going to happen?
I'm going to say, this.shipping address equal to,
and now here, I will instantiate the address object,
by feeding in the respective properties
of the address object,
mapping them to constructor arguments.
So now, these particular arguments that you have,
they're going to be mapped to the address constructor,
and we're going to get the address object.
And as far as the total amount is concerned,
that is still going to be the same.
That does not change.
Total amount is equal to the incoming parameter.
Right?
So, what you did is,
you did this complex construction
by yourself with the help of the keys
that you got from your JSON document.
So, this is only in the case,
where you know the JSON document is being received
from some other system.
That system may not have an idea about the structure
of your Java objects,
so you will have to construct those objects by yourself,
which means that you will have to write a custom creator,
annotate it with JSON-B creator,
make sure the correct parameter substitution is done
for every parameter,
and then instantiate the way you want it.
Okay, so now let's go ahead and test this out.
But we'll do that in the next video.